document that Rook data will be migrated to MinIO+Longhorn when appropriate (#517)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/add-ons/minio.md

```

flags-table

## Migration from Rook

> If Rook was previously installed but no longer specified in the kURL spec, MinIO will migrate data from Rook's object store to MinIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Rook was previously installed but is no longer specified in the kURL spec and MinIO is specified instead, MinIO will migrate data from Rook's object store to MinIO.
```

> If Longhorn is also installed and completes its migration process, Rook will be removed to free up resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Longhorn is also specified in the new kURL spec and completes its migration process successfully, Rook will be removed to free up resources.
```
